Changelog for Event Hubs Preview 1 (#4124)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/changelog.md

### 2019-06-28 5.0.0-preview.1

Version 5.0.0-preview.1 is a preview of our efforts in creating a library that follows the
[Azure SDK Design Guidelines for TypeScript](https://azuresdkspecs.z5.web.core.windows.net/TypeScriptSpec.html)
for creating client libraries that are user friendly and idiomatic to the Javascript ecosystem. For more
information, please visit https://aka.ms/azure-sdk-preview1-js

Major breaking changes when you upgrade to this version are around:
- Creating an instance of `EventHubClient`

>     - Static helper methods to create the `EventHubClient` are replaced with different constructor overloads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Static helper methods to create the `EventHubClient` are replaced with different constructor overloads.
```

Author: fixed and added more changes

    - Use the `createProducer()` function on the `EventHubClient` to create an instance of a `EventHubProducer`. A producer can be bound to a partition at the time of creation such that all events sent from it land in the given partition.
    - Each producer represents a dedicated AMQP sender link to Azure Event Hubs.
    - The `EventData` type used for the data being sent only supports a `body` for the content being sent and a
    `properties` bag to hold any custom metadata you want to send. The properties corresponding to a received event are
    removed from this type and a separate type `ReceivedEventData` is used for received events.
- The receive methods are moved from the `EventHubClient` class to the new `EventHubConsumer` class.
    - Use the `createConsumer()` function on the `EventHubClient` to create an instance of a `EventHubConsumer`.
    - Each consumer represents a dedicated AMQP receiver link to Azure Event Hubs based
    on the flavor of receive function being used i.e `receiveBatch()` that receives events in a batch vs `receive()` that provides
    a streaming receiver.

>     - The static methods `fromStart()` and `fromEnd()` on `EventPosition` are renamed to `fromEarliest()` and `fromLatest()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The static methods `fromStart()` and `fromEnd()` on `EventPosition` are renamed to `earliest()` and `latest()`.
```
